Update white-labeling.md (#27003)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/white-labeling.md

;apple_touch_icon =
```

> Below is an example for how to replace the default footer and help links with two custom links.  (This will also update the links in the 'Help' that you can see once you sign into Grafana, which is located via the question mark icon at the the bottom left hand corner of the screen).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can replace the help links in the default footer and the help link accessed by clicking the question mark icon at the bottom of the left side menu. See below for an example of how to update the configuration option.
```
